OK so let's add some style to the whole.
So everything is going to be kind enough to center right here.
So I'm going to go and start with this it's going to be real fast.
So we're going to call the home poll.
They gave it that class yeah home poll Burguet.
So this whole poll is going to have up with oh you're going can have it with and the with is going to
be just somebody 70 percent you know you can use whatever you want.
It's going to be center so I can to say Margene 0.
I would go get the text line.
I think it's going to be centered.
There you go.
So now the poll container.
Go right here.
We have a poll container.
This one right here.
So we are going to we want to use flex for this.
So I'm going to use a home poll.
Now I'm just going to call the Paul container poll and then just container right the container you can
have you can have flex to this.
So I'm just going to copy something I have right here and just make it flex you know I'm for Microsoft
and with Kate for the good browsers and then just flex for all that.
So I'm going to access this pole container up access the pole container and just trigger.
Just point this each item on the pole.
I'm going to say pull and it's going to be item.
OK.
So we can have padding of of pixels you know.
And we can have flex grow of one.
So it's going to be kind of a floated.
Of course you're not seeing it because we're not setting the size correctly but Daury we're going to
do it in a minute.
So it's going to be putting 20 flex row of one go wrench or the bottom can we call the pole container
and get it just make the image a little bit smaller.
You can say you going to set it with that image.
So it's going to occupy the 80 percent of the container.
So you know we get this get you know we're going to style this other bit.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom select pull container and pull item and we're going to just
select the dips inside and we're going to change the fonts.
So I'm going to select the font family if I have one.
Yeah.
Just to change that and we're going to get it the font size of 18 pixels.
It is good right.
Nice looks nice you know if you look at it's going to add.
And if you click it again it's going to app.
This is kind of a joke.
I am a big fan.
I'm not a big fan just a fan of the Knicks the New York Knicks.
I've always live in your next and you know since the Patrick Wing season I know times whenever and I
really like them but they never win.
That's why I've used the 11 boats and that just the other you know it's just a joke.
OK.
So if you're a Knicks fan don't get upset.
But this just a just a job.
So OK.
Let's go to the next section and we will start creating the teams.
So whenever we go to teams link we go to a new location and we can have a list of all the teams since
we have it on the database.
We just bring the images but the good thing about this is that whenever we just load the page we have
a transition and if we search for a team or no Pacer's we get that transition and it's filtering the
teams right.
So let's go to the next section.
I'm going to drink coffee first because I'm kind of tired right now.
And then begin it start doing this.